  

# FindBISON  
Find bison executable and provide a macro to generate custom build rules.  

The module defines the following variables:  


BISON_EXECUTABLE
path to the bison program
BISON_VERSION
version of bison
BISON_FOUND
¡°True¡± if the program was found
  

The minimum required version of bison can be specified using the
standard CMake syntax, e.g.  find_package(BISON 2.1.3).  

If bison is found, the module defines the macro:  

BISON_TARGET(```<Name>``` ```<YaccInput>``` ```<CodeOutput>```
             [COMPILE_FLAGS ```<flags>```]
             [DEFINES_FILE ```<file>```]
             [VERBOSE [```<file>```]]
             [REPORT_FILE ```<file>```]
             )

  

which will create a custom rule to generate a parser.  ```<YaccInput>``` is
the path to a yacc file.  ```<CodeOutput>``` is the name of the source file
generated by bison.  A header file is also be generated, and contains
the token list.  

The options are:  


COMPILE_FLAGS ```<flags>```
Specify flags to be added to the bison command line.
DEFINES_FILE ```<file>```
Specify a non-default header ```<file>``` to be generated by bison.
VERBOSE [```<file>```]
Tell bison to write a report file of the grammar and parser.
If ```<file>``` is given, it specifies path the report file is copied to.
[```<file>```] is left for backward compatibility of this module.
Use VERBOSE REPORT_FILE ```<file>```.
REPORT_FILE ```<file>```
Specify a non-default report ```<file>```, if generated.
  

The macro defines the following variables:  


BISON_```<Name>```_DEFINED
True is the macro ran successfully
BISON_```<Name>```_INPUT
The input source file, an alias for ```<YaccInput>```
BISON_```<Name>```_OUTPUT_SOURCE
The source file generated by bison
BISON_```<Name>```_OUTPUT_HEADER
The header file generated by bison
BISON_```<Name>```_OUTPUTS
All files generated by bison including the source, the header and the report
BISON_```<Name>```_COMPILE_FLAGS
Options used in the bison command line
  

Example usage:  

find_package(BISON)
BISON_TARGET(MyParser parser.y ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/parser.cpp
             DEFINES_FILE ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/parser.h)
add_executable(Foo main.cpp ${BISON_MyParser_OUTPUTS})

  

