  

# AUTOMOC  
Should the target be processed with automoc (for Qt projects).  

AUTOMOC is a boolean specifying whether CMake will handle the Qt
moc preprocessor automatically, i.e.  without having to use the
QT4_WRAP_CPP() or QT5_WRAP_CPP() macro.
Currently Qt4 and Qt5 are supported.  

When this property is set ON, CMake will scan the header and
source files at build time and invoke moc accordingly.  


If an #include statement like #include "moc_```<basename>```.cpp" is found,
a macro from AUTOMOC_MACRO_NAMES is expected to appear in the
```<basename>```.h(xx) header file. moc is run on the header
file to generate moc_```<basename>```.cpp in the
```<AUTOGEN_BUILD_DIR>```/include directory which is automatically added
to the target¡¯s INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.
This allows the compiler to find the included moc_```<basename>```.cpp file
regardless of the location the original source.
For multi configuration generators,
the include directory is ```<AUTOGEN_BUILD_DIR>```/include_```<CONFIG>```.
See AUTOGEN_BUILD_DIR.


If an #include statement like #include "```<basename>```.moc" is found,
a macro from AUTOMOC_MACRO_NAMES is expected to appear in the
source file and moc is run on the source file itself.
Header files that are not included by an #include "moc_```<basename>```.cpp"
statement are nonetheless scanned for a macro out of
AUTOMOC_MACRO_NAMES.
The resulting moc_```<basename>```.cpp files are generated in custom
directories and automatically included in a generated
```<AUTOGEN_BUILD_DIR>```/mocs_compilation.cpp file,
which is compiled as part of the target.
The custom directories with checksum
based names help to avoid name collisions for moc files with the same
```<basename>```.
See AUTOGEN_BUILD_DIR.


Additionally, header files with the same base name as a source file,
(like ```<basename>```.h) or _p appended to the base name (like
```<basename>```_p.h), are scanned for a macro out of
AUTOMOC_MACRO_NAMES, and if found, moc
is also executed on those files.
AUTOMOC always checks multiple header alternative extensions,
such as hpp, hxx, etc. when searching for headers.
AUTOMOC looks for the Q_PLUGIN_METADATA macro and reruns the
moc when the file addressed by the FILE argument of the macro changes.
  

This property is initialized by the value of the CMAKE_AUTOMOC
variable if it is set when a target is created.  

The moc executable will be detected automatically, but can be forced to
a certain binary using the AUTOMOC_EXECUTABLE property.  

Additional command line options for moc can be set via the
AUTOMOC_MOC_OPTIONS property.  

By enabling the CMAKE_AUTOMOC_RELAXED_MODE variable the
rules for searching the files which will be processed by moc can be relaxed.
See the documentation for this variable for more details.  

The global property AUTOGEN_TARGETS_FOLDER can be used to group the
automoc targets together in an IDE, e.g.  in MSVS.  

The global property AUTOGEN_SOURCE_GROUP can be used to group
files generated by AUTOMOC together in an IDE, e.g.  in MSVS.  

Additional macro names to search for can be added to
AUTOMOC_MACRO_NAMES.  

Additional moc dependency file names can be extracted from source code
by using AUTOMOC_DEPEND_FILTERS.  

Compiler pre definitions for moc are written to a moc_predefs.h file
which is controlled by AUTOMOC_COMPILER_PREDEFINES.  

Source C++ files can be excluded from AUTOMOC processing by
enabling SKIP_AUTOMOC or the broader SKIP_AUTOGEN.  

The number of parallel moc processes to start can be modified by
setting AUTOGEN_PARALLEL.  

A global autogen target that depends on all AUTOMOC generated
```<ORIGIN>```_autogen targets in the project can be generated by enabling
CMAKE_GLOBAL_AUTOGEN_TARGET.  

See the cmake-qt(7) manual for more information on using CMake
with Qt.  

