  

# AUTOUIC  
Should the target be processed with autouic (for Qt projects).  

AUTOUIC is a boolean specifying whether CMake will handle
the Qt uic code generator automatically, i.e. without having to use
the QT4_WRAP_UI() or QT5_WRAP_UI() macro. Currently
Qt4 and Qt5 are supported.  

When this property is ON, CMake will scan the source files at build time
and invoke uic accordingly.  If an #include statement like
#include "ui_foo.h" is found in source.cpp, a foo.ui file is
searched for first in the vicinity of source.cpp and afterwards in the
optional AUTOUIC_SEARCH_PATHS of the target.
uic is run on the foo.ui file to generate ui_foo.h in the directory
```<AUTOGEN_BUILD_DIR>```/include,
which is automatically added to the target¡¯s INCLUDE_DIRECTORIES.  


For multi configuration generators,
the include directory is ```<AUTOGEN_BUILD_DIR>```/include_```<CONFIG>```.
See AUTOGEN_BUILD_DIR.
  

This property is initialized by the value of the CMAKE_AUTOUIC
variable if it is set when a target is created.  

Additional command line options for uic can be set via the
AUTOUIC_OPTIONS source file property on the foo.ui file.
The global property AUTOGEN_TARGETS_FOLDER can be used to group the
autouic targets together in an IDE, e.g. in MSVS.  

The uic executable will be detected automatically, but can be forced to
a certain binary using the AUTOUIC_EXECUTABLE property.  

Source files can be excluded from AUTOUIC processing by
enabling SKIP_AUTOUIC or the broader SKIP_AUTOGEN.  

The number of parallel uic processes to start can be modified by
setting AUTOGEN_PARALLEL.  

A global autogen target that depends on all AUTOUIC generated
```<ORIGIN>```_autogen targets in the project can be generated by enabling
CMAKE_GLOBAL_AUTOGEN_TARGET.  

See the cmake-qt(7) manual for more information on using CMake
with Qt.  

